Θα σου στείλω κάποια κείμενα για Τουρ 

Το πρώτο θα είναι 
Athens Highlights & Cape Sounio 

Start with “the Bird Eye View” from Lycabettus Hill, the highest lookout of Athens downtown. 

Visiting Athens??? 🧳✈️🇬🇷

📢 I made this itinerary 👇for those Visitors who have only one or two days available in Athens and they don't want to miss anything. 
No deposit required, payment after service.

The following itinerary is an 8 hours Private Multi Stop Ride with my Taxi 🚖 (available for your group 1-4 persons). 

The places that you are going to see are below 👇 📸
✅ Pick up (including) from your hotel or airport or cruise ship 
✅ Lycabettus Hill (360° view from the highest point of the town)20'
✅ Opera House 
✅ The Runner (statue made by glass)
✅ Ancient olive tree (1500yo)
✅ Prime Minister House 
✅ Palace - President House 
✅ Old Olympic Stadium (first modern Olympics 1896) 15'
✅ Parliament & changing of the guards ceremony) 15'
✅ National Academy 
✅ National University 
✅ National Library 
✅ Varvakios Agora (one of the largest retail meat & fish market in Europe) 20'
✅ Old Parliament House 
✅ Plaka,the old town of Athens 
✅ Anafiotika (the beautiful neighbourhood in Plaka)
✅ Bath of winds
✅ Acropolis - Parthenon 10'
✅ Driving on the West coast,   road trip to the southern Attica.
✅ Lake Vouliagmeni 10'
✅ Temple of Poseidon at Cape Sounio (the southern point of Attica Region) 30'-45'
✅ On the way back you can have free time for lunch at the beach front local restaurants, far from the crowd (optionally). 
✅ Except the free time for dinner, you have time to visit the spice market, herbs, local products like olive oil & honey, local drinks.

⏳ Duration: 8 hours 
🛣️ Round trip distance: 160km(100mi) 
💶Price: 260€ per group 1-4 persons
💸 Payment method: Cash, Card, Bank transfer 

What includes:
✅ Pick up - Drop off (from your hotel or airport or cruise ship), tolls ,luggage, waiting time, tax, bottled water, free WiFi, liability insurance (while you are inside the vehicle).
 
What not included: 
❌ Your tickets at the Temple of Poseidon, your lunch at the local restaurants, licenced Tour guide (upon request with additional cost). 

We usually start at 08:30 but the itinerary can be fully customised according to your available time and according to the places that you would like to visit. 

If you need quotes, any information about your pick up service, your Private Multi Stop Ride or any other transportation (airport pick ups, Oracle of Delphi, Meteora, Ancient Corinth, Nafplion) please feel free to contact us.